Published weekly changelog (#424)
CoboGlobal/product-manual: en/portal/changelog.mdx

description: "Stay updated with the latest documentation changes for Cobo Portal."
---

<Update label="2025/02/26 - 2025/03/04">
**Screening**
- Revamped Screening documentation with comprehensive updates in the following sections:
  - [Introduction to Screening](/en/apps/screening/introduction)
  - [Manage monitored wallets](/en/apps/screening/settings)
  - [Manage post-screening policies](/en/apps/screening/risk-policies)
  - [Manage Screening results](/en/apps/screening/viewscreening)
  - [Manage notification recipients](/en/apps/screening/recipients)

**MPC Wallets**

> - Added new Auto-Sweep documentation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the following topics for the Auto-Sweep feature:
```

  - [Introduction to Auto-Sweep](/en/portal/mpc-wallets/ocw/auto-sweep-overview)
  - [Enable Auto-Sweep](/en/portal/mpc-wallets/ocw/enable-auto-sweep)

**Custodial Wallets**
- Added video tutorial to [Introduction to Custodial Wallets](/en/portal/custodial-wallets/introduction)
- Updated [Overview](/en/portal/custodial-wallets/web3-wallets/manage) with new screenshots

**Cobo Accounts**
- Enhanced Google Authenticator documentation with important notes about QR code backup in:
  - [Set up multi-factor authentication (MFA) methods](/en/accounts/set-up-mfa)
  - [Reset Google Authenticator](/en/accounts/reset-google-authenticator)
  - [Sign up for Cobo Accounts](/en/accounts/sign-up)

**Invoicing**

> - Added new [Invoice payment](/en/apps/invoicing/payment) documentation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated [Invoice payment](/en/apps/invoicing/payment) with the screenshots of payment page
```
